okay a couple weeks ago i pre ordered
the HTC Desire and I was all ready to go
ready to wait for the phone and I
happened to go back to the softbank
website
and I was checking out the case to Zion
page again and but I decided to take a
look at the Japanese website because the
English side doesn't get updated very
much so I went to the Japanese website
and i saw this link right here talking
about the HTC HTC Desire HD model med
read a little bit about it on some other
websites so I took a look at some of the
some of the information they had here
the big thing that stuck out was that
was available in the beginning of
november and my full my desire that i
had ordered was due to be delivered
sometime in middle to late october so
basically had to decide do I want to get
this phone and cancel my pre-order for
the desire or just go ahead and go with
the desire so I had the way which one
was better and they had this graphic
come up and basically I decided that why
not go with the HTC Desire HD I didn't
have any idea of price but it had to be
in the same
same ballpark as of the regular HTC
Desire so pre-order started on october
15th I basically went in in the
afternoon and the 15th placed my
pre-order for the HD model and I'm going
to cancel the pre-order I had for the
desire which probably should be arriving
at the shop any day now
I wrote about it on my blog WWE in Japan
com if you're interested to read more
please go there and you have any
questions just leave some in the
comments I talked about the whole
experience of them talking the customer
service representative and Softbank and
how much the phone actually costs per
month in Japan
that's it